The Joe Rogan experience. Now, what is this GCU thing you did today? Uh.
It was just so they had me breaking down like,
uh, archery and movies. So I did hunger games, um,
and they filmed my reaction and,
and got me like talking about if it was realistic. So I did Jeremy Renner.
I did Robert ERO. Um, he was in God,
some terrible movie and I, I don't even think he, I,
I was kind surprised he was actually hunting with a bow in the movie. What.
Movie was that? Oh, was that a movie with him and John Travolta. John Travolta?
Yes. Yes, yes. And they had a fight. Yeah. John Travolta played like a Russian.
He, yeah.
And he shot John Travolta shot an arrow at him.
So Robert ERO was in a tree stand,
John Travolta shot and it stuck in the tree. Robert DERO jumped,
fell out of the tree and broke his bow.
And so then he like started crawling towards John Travolta for summer. Anyway,
they had me, but Robert DERO actually had a pretty good anchor.
I mean, he looked pretty good with the bow. Really?
He had a whi biscuit on there, which wasn't good, uh, for, for the rest.
But he was gonna shoot this bowl.
Like this five point bowl came out and he couldn't do it.
He like, I don't know what happened. He like, had he hesitated then drunk.
He felt bad. Something like that. I don't know what happened. Let me see this.
Jamie, do you have it's killing.
Season? Yes. <laugh>.
It's pretty intense, right? That's not bad. No that's no, no, no. That's not it.
I don't like that grip. He had a compound bow. Okay.
Yeah. Oh, it's a different one. There you go.
Yeah. Right there. Oh.
Yes. Hey, he looks like, uh, look at.
Him. I know.
Yeah. So he is wearing flannel too. He went old school. His.
Radio went off and it spooked the bowl, but he,
he jumped out and broke that bow. Yeah. So I.
I did that one. So him and John Travolta were shooting arrows at each other?
Yeah. How dumb was the movie? Did you get? It was terrible.
<laugh> it was terrible. Apparently the new Rambo is unbelievably bad.
Yeah. We did Rambo too. Cause I said, I go,
we have to do Rambo. I want to talk about when he,
do you remember when he had the exploding? Tiffany shot the guy. Yes. Yes.
That was awesome. <laugh> why.
Is he upside down? He get caught in a trap. Oh Jesus.
Look at John ALT's beard. Oh Jesus. It's he's Russian. Yeah.
How bad is his accent? Oh, no. Is he, is it atrocious? I'm sure.
Killing season. What is it again? On rotten tomatoes? Go to rotten tomatoes.
One. I wanna see a three. What does it get? Please tell me. It's like 13, 10%.
10. That's impressive. That's.
Pretty low.
That's that's pretty high. Well, yeah. Should be a lot lower than that.
We go. Hey, what happened? Uhoh oh, no. You shot me. Let me get up.
He's trying to get up. What is he doing? Oh. Oh, he hurt his ankle.
I took one to the calf. Oh.
Did he? Yeah.
Looks like an arrow. I think. I don't know.
I wanted to hear his voice, so, so, but he's gonna be right there. Oh boy.
It's hilarious. Yeah. Yeah.
There's very few movies that depict, uh,
bow hunting correctly.
Yeah. I didn't see any.
Uh, what is this? He's holding him. He's got the arrow there. You,
you attack him before he draws running around hiding. Just shoot me.
Just shoot me, Jay. Shoot me. Come. Just.
You hear the listen to the Russian shoot the.
Oh boy, my God. Pull this. Stop that right now. I am. I cannot,
I can't do this. That's no, no, no, no.
The, the best form I saw in any of the movie that I,
that I reviewed for him today was I think it's called brave.
It was an animated movie. Oh yeah. And the redheaded girl. She, the she not bad.
She actually had perfect form. Really?
Yes. Oh, lemme see that. Is there a movie though?
Where someone Bo hunts correctly?
I mean, is there one movie? Yeah. Right here.
Let me see. I've watched her form when she.
Oh, here. They're teaching her how to shoot.
Yeah, I think so. Yeah. But you'll see her.
She steps up the innocent. It's a confidence.
Ah, the confidence.
The confidence. So, you know, she's gonna put, put it on the X.
She is, watch this confidence and the attitude. See that she's pretty.
Bossy. My kids did not like this movie.
They watch for some weird movie for some weird reason.
It's her. She needs her dress is too tight.
See that Uhhuh back sun. I watch this
on the move.
That's pretty.
Good. I know. But watch this last one.
This one's Uhhuh <affirmative> yeah. Right here.
Dun, dun.
Look at this. Watch this form. And this is with a Broadhead
with distractions. She's so focused.
The feather cut her face a little for some reason. Oh.
I like how the arrows like a real arrow.
I know, but watch this.
Whoa, whoa. Look at this. Ah, she Robin hoods it.
I know. Pretty impressive. See.
That con that's so that's what I say. All the ones that I reviewed today.
That's the best. That's.
The best. Yeah. Look at her. Her release.
I know. See that follow through. Yeah. Follow.
Throughs. Excellent. Very sweet. But there's no movie where bow hunting.
No is accurately depicted. I don't no movie. Mm-hmm no, I'm thinking.
I'm trying to think of a movie that even involves bow hunting. Um,
can you think of one?
No. Not, not hunt. Not bow.
Hunting. No. I mean there's deliverance where he winds up hunting people.
Remember? Yeah. Burt.
Reynolds. I wanted to do that one bow, but they didn't have that today.
They had walking dead. They had.
That's ridiculous that they call that a bow. That's a gun. That's.
What I said. I said, I don't, I'm not it down with the crossbow. <laugh> and,
and you got a rotten,
a rotten corpse head and a stopping an arrow. It's not a passthrough.
Excuse me. Yeah.
It's outrageous. Yeah. Sticks in their head's.
The one, I don't know how we missed this,
but Samuel Jackson plays in a movie called big game where I think he might have
been secret service, protecting the president either way,
the plane crashes or something.
And he ends up with a kid and learning how to bow hunt to survive. Oh really?
Really? Yeah. It came out three or four years ago.
Oh, this must have went straight to yeah.
It doesn't. I never heard of it, but.
I want they bow hunt to survive. I mean, now he's getting in a fight.
Yeah. I typed in bow hunting movies and this was the most recent one I think.
Oh, that's hilarious.
He jumps on a helicopter. I know. I.
Mean, there's one.
There's one for you. Stop. Stop that before I get brain damage. Yeah. I,
but isn't it interesting? Like you would think that there would be a way to,
to make a movie that involves bow hunting. That would be interesting.
You'd think so. Yeah. Like the movie, like there's only a couple good pool.
Movies is like the hustle with, uh,
Paul Newman and Jackie Gleason and then the color money with Paul Newman and Tom
cruise, Tom cruise. Those are the big ones. Yeah. The, the,
the color of money changed pool. Like when that movie came out in 1986,
it just literally pool exploded the same as in the 1960s.
When the hustler came out, pool exploded. Yeah.
So pool had two like giant explosions where people really started going to pool
halls. They wanted to learn how to play pool. Good.
And then with the hunger games,
apparently a lot of people got into archery because of, uh, Jennifer Lawrence,
we got a beautiful woman shooting a bow. That's what I said. I go, you take.
Looking like a badass. You. Yeah. Yeah. The confidence is a key,
but you and she's hot. She's hot.
And then she's got a bow it's like 10 times hot. Both those.
Things are good. Yeah.
<Laugh> so, yeah. She and she,
what was good with her was she could go from having the bow
to grabbing an arrow, to putting it on the string,
to shooting and like half a second. Yeah.
And just over I go, that's not easy to do.
Well,
she must have had had some serious training just to be able to pull that off on
film.
Yeah. I think she,
and I think she shot a Hoyt and I think she took lessons from a Hoyt shooter.
Oh. And same thing with even Rambo's old bow, I believe was a Hoyt. Really?
Yeah. That's hilarious. I know. But yeah, he, uh,
he had the exploding tip and the guy, the bad, I was shooting,
ran outta bulls with his gun, threw it down,
pulled his pistol out and was shooting a Rambo and Rambo just stood up there.
Just like, you're not gonna hit me. Oh.
Here she is learning how shoot. Right. That's.
Not her, I guess. That's that's her coach teaching the reporter.
Oh. Oh. So this.
Is the woman who coached Jennifer Lawrence. Yeah. Oh, okay.
I wanna see Jennifer Lawrence. I don't even know this chick.
That's what I thought it was. I outta here with this. Yeah.
<laugh> but it's that did get a lot of people involved in archery. It did girls,
especially. Yeah. Yeah. Young girls.
Apparently. Uh, what is her name? Gina Davis. Gina Davis is a big time. Archer.
She love it. She.
Shoots. Yeah. She.
I've seen that competitions. Right? Doesn't she? I think so. Yeah.
She's done some target competitions. Yeah.
And, uh, Ivanka Trump. Does she? I saw her with a bow before.
Well obviously Donald Jr is the biggest one in the family. Yeah.
Donald Jr's a legit bow hunter. Yeah. He, uh,
he shot a giant bull in Colorado this year. Did.
He? Yeah. Oh.
I didn't even know that. Yeah. Yeah. He sent it to Dudley.
He sent a picture of it to Dudley Duley. Show it to me on his phone.
Really big bull. Yeah. God, I didn't see that all see, see it shot.
It's a great bull. Yeah. Wow. Huh? Yeah. He's a legit bow hunter. I mean,
that guy loves bow hunting. He hunts a lot. Yeah.
No he's, he's definitely avid outdoorsman. I mean,
he's always putting up from, um, with his.
He learned a lot from Dudley too. Did he? Yeah. Dudley taught him quite a bit.
Mm. Gave him quite a bit of training. Yeah. Yeah.
But there's not a single movie where someone goes bow hunting.
Like you would think that, that, that could be, I mean,
that could be a good movie. Is that gene Davis off the Olympic team? Oh.
Oh she a Olympic recurve. Yeah.
She tried out for the Olympic team. Yeah. Finished 24th out of 300 women. Not.
Bad. Yeah. Those in, in the Olympics, you know, it's no compound.
It's bows just like that. Wow. At seven,
I think it's 70 meters and they put 'em in there. Wow.
But you didn't find any of look.
At her. Looks, super legit. Look at her form.
I know her grip pan everything. Yeah.
Those, they are such good shooters. It's amazing how good.
They get. Yeah. With tabs. I mean, it's crazy. Like you're,
you're shooting off your fingers. Yeah. And you're shooting really accurately.
Is she still doing it? That's what I was looking at.
They made a video with her on funny or die. I see that video arch tricks.
Is this, it it's joke. You said,
I don't know how much of it is real or it's for funnier di so I don't know what
the context was a couple years old. She's got a gun too.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> look at her.
So it's just so you don't actually get to see okay. Being silly.
So you form, there's a form. Yeah. Look at that.
That, uh, we never saw Jennifer Lawrence practicing. That's what?
That's that video?
I she's practicing hiding.
I know. I wanna see.
It. Yeah. I mean, she obviously has got to have a lot of training. Yeah.
The way she executes, you know, it seems cuz like, you know, when you see, uh,
ke Reeves in John wick, you're like, okay, that guy had some training. Yeah.
Shooting hundred percent. Yeah. There's no doubt about it. Yeah. You know.